A caretaker includes any professional support services that allow a person to live safely in their home. They can help someone who is aging and needs assistance to live independently; The role of the caretaker is recognized as functionally and economically important as there is an aging population in all developed societies. Voice assistants are software agents that can interpret human speech and respond via synthesized voices. Users can ask their assistants questions, control home automation devices and media playback via voice, and manage other basic tasks such as email, to-do lists, and calendars with verbal commands. Hence, we will create a software using AI-ML that includes the character of caretaker through voice assistants. AI Brings Personality and Resourcefulness to Autonomous Companion Robot Loneliness is an increasing problem amongst the world’s aging population, and many senior citizens feel intimidated by the technology that could provide a vital connection. Even though 90 percent of seniors say they’d prefer to age in their own homes, half of those living alone report said they felt isolated. And less than a third owned a cell phone and engaged with social media. Loneliness Reductor is a voice-controlled tabletop assistant that encourages a more healthy, active lifestyle. Loneliness Reductor was specially designed with older adults in mind, to suggest various activities, entertain, and assist users in managing and improving their health and wellness. Days at home are always just a little bit brighter with Loneliness Reductor around, as it accompanies them throughout the day. This software behaves as a soulmate and caretaker to people staying alone. It will be developed into a digital friend that speaks friendly and be supportive. It is capable of voice interaction, loneliness reduction, music playback, making to-do lists, setting alarms, streaming podcasts, playing audiobooks, and providing weather and other real-time information, such as news. When it comes to the affordable yet effective care for the elders in the comfort of their own home,  elderly companions for care at home or helpers for old age people can assist with services for day-to-day needs and requirements. Ted Fischer developed a series of robotic pets that were created with the intention of fostering meaningful connections through play. It turned out that their largest customer base came from the older adult market because of the robotic pets’ unique ability to engage, delight, provide companionship, calm, soothe and, most importantly, promote happiness — especially for those living independently or in care communities. The robotic cats and pups have sensors that allow them to interact with a human companion as they would with a live pet. The pup’s heartbeat slows down if a hand is placed on its back. The software being developed by us will include the character of humans instead of pets.
